So now on to one of my favorite lessons in this nunnery program.
It's on control. For one,
I'm actually a control freak.
But secondly, controls is
a fascinating area that you actually make a vehicle physically move.
Let me explain to you what's missing.
So far, we've assumed that we can build a vehicles from node
to node along the graph and they completely ignored the physics of the vehicle,
how it actually gets there, what's going to happen?
Controls concerned itself with the question,
given all these paths,
how can we actually activate
these various rotors to get the desired effect in a physical space,
in a continuous space.
To do this, we have to understand physics.
It's called vehicle dynamics.
We have to understand how our vehicle works,
and how spinning up little engines affects the state of the vehicle.